# assignment2starter

""" Name: Karlee Gibson
    Date: 28/08/16
    Brief program details:
                                            Shopping List 2.0
        Create a Graphical User Interface (GUI) version of the program made in assignment 1, using Python 3 and the
        Kivy toolkit. The program will help build skills on using classes and GUIs as well as incorporating the skills
        used in assignment 1 like selection, repetition, exceptions, lists and functions. The program will reuse some
        of the code in assignment one.

    Link to GitHub:

    Link to GitHub original repository which includes all commits: https://github.com/karleegibson/KarleeGibsonA2
        24 commits
        Was not able to transfer these commits to classroom repository, only files

"""

_At the end of the project, complete the project reflection below by answering the questions (replace the ... parts)._

## 1. How long did the entire project (assignment 2) take you?

Using an Excel spreadsheet to track my time spent on this assignment, the entire project took approximately 18.9 hours.
This included attending practicals focusing on assignment work, extra tutorials for assignment help, watching lecture
recordings on relevant topics and referring to the textbook on numerous occasions.

## 2. What are you most satisfied with?

In the initial stages of completing the project, I had misunderstandings and confusions surrounding the purpose of
methods in the ItemList class and how to implement them in the program. I am satisfied in the way I handled this, by
spending the time to refer to lecture powerpoints, examples and assistance from Lindsay and Trevor, ensuring I fully
understood how it worked before moving on to the next stage of the assessment. I am also satisfied with how my GUI
ended up looking, and the deeper understanding I have gained particularly with classes and objects. Also, that I
continued to work through any difficulties or emotion caused by the difficulties, and always with the desire to do my
best.

## 3. What are you least satisfied with?

The fact I created my own project repository like in assignment 2 rather than working from the one assigned to us as
stated on the assignment task sheet. It wasn't until the due date I realised (was told by Lindsay) and although I copied
my files to the create repository, I wasn't able to transfer all the commits I had made throughout the entire process.

Also, a couple of elements are missing from the final product, including the tab option of moving between text entry
fields for when the user is adding an item, and only adding the item to the required items page, not the completed items
page as well.

## 4. What worked well in your development process?

Firstly, I ensured I gave myself plenty of time to complete the project, learning from the first assignment that it does
take me a while to understand elements of coding and to implement code in the correct (and efficient) manner. Having
assistance with breaking down the project into reasonable parts helped me work out what I needed to do and in which
order. It allowed me to firstly focus on producing correct methods for the two classes, before moving onto the GUI phase
and linking the two together.

## 5. What about your process could be improved the next time you do a project like this?

Next time, I could improve the time spent planning the project so I can gain a clearer picture of the final product
which I believe would help me understand the individual elements quicker.

## 6. Describe what resources you used and how you used them.

I utilised the extra assignment help tutorials Trevor put on by coming into the tutorials with specific questions or
particular areas of code I needed help understanding. I used notes in the lecture powerpoints about classes, Kivy and
files to help with the same elements in my project. The programming examples both in the lectures (e.g. cart & product)
and practicals (e.g. is dynamic kv & py) gave me direction/structure for my project. I utilised the assistance of
Lindsay and Trevor to help with my understanding of how classes and objects work, and any minor coding errors that came
up in the process.

## 7. Describe the main challenges or obstacles you faced and how you overcame them.

As discussed above, I did have particular difficulty on understanding classes, particular objects, so the methods in the
ItemList class took me a long time to code, and required valued help from Lindsay and Trevor. Studying Education I will
in the future be teaching IT, so developing clear self-understanding of each topic in this subject is very important to
me. So any confusion or misunderstandings I had with elements in this assignment I ensured I got assistance and
developed my understanding. Attending the lectures, practicals and extra tutorials and receiving additional assistance
was how I overcame my main challenges in this assignment process.

